this is the new seventh generation VW
Passat it's a car that VW claims is more
refined and more comfortable than ever
before they certainly look worked on the
exterior to give it a bit of a stronger
look with extra chrome and a bit more
solid styling on the inside they've
upgraded the interior and put in new
trim made it look a whole lot more
sophisticated and under the bonnet
there's choice of three petrol and three
diesel engines all highly economical and
so they're claiming Volkswagen has given
the new force at lots of new toys one I
think what people might find really
useful is a new boot opening mechanism
where you just kick underneath the bun
the boot if you've got the keys in your
pocket and the boot opens automatically
for you another option that's only
available on this state is a sleek
sliding rear parcel shelf all the way
it's useful if you've got something
heavy in your hands and you can't put it
down
and just won't fit use the boot
afterwards there's also exciting floor
it's a push heavier items legs and
forwards and seems to have come from
luxury cars automatic boot release the
second generation Park Assist system
uses 12 ultrasonic sensors sited around
the car to detect a suitably sized
parking space then the driver can let
the system take over the steering and
reverse the car into the space all you
need to do is press the accelerator
this latest option does both parallel
and perpendicular parking so in theory
it can help you park on the street and
in the car park however in our brief
test it took three attempts to reverse
into a fairly tight space but we think
could have been negotiated by an
experienced driver in one go
a first VW is its city emergency braking
system that slows the car down
automatically if it detects a vehicle
slowing down ahead it's a development of
the active cruise control system an
innovation that claims to stop the car
and avoid an accident completely at
speeds of up to 80 miles an hour at
higher speeds it should lessen the
impact we tried it at a low speed and
found it worked effectively Auto books
for the new Passat are already opened
the cars available as a saloon and
estate the saloon starts at eighteen and
a half thousand and the estate at the
nineteen seven